Israel's military has confirmed that it
carried out an air strike on jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza saying its
Target was a senior Commander with Hamas
the group are designated as a terrorist
organization by the UK government the
death toll is not clear but tonight a
doctor treating the victims says the
dead and injured are in the hundreds the
attack happened in a densely built up
area that was home to more than a
100,000 people Israel has called on
civilians in the north of the territory
to move South and tonight it reiterated
its claim that Hamas intentionally uses
civilians as Shields our International
editor Jeremy boen has the latest and
his report is distressing from the
start Israel says the destruction came
from air strikes that killed a senior
Hamas commander and some of his men it
said Hamas was using these civilians as
human shields in a cruel and brutal
manner and that the air strikes caused
the collapse of underground Hamas
bunkers Israel ordered civilians to
leave this area many
did many others did
not the UN said some people even
returned to their homes because
conditions further south were so
desperate and unknown number of people
are buried under the rubble they were
pulling out children
my he says oh God my three children are
gone three kids I hope I can find one of
them alive I didn't bid them
farewell jabalia Camp covers just over
half a square mile
116,000 refugees were registered here
with the UN before the
war he says it's a massacre 30 to 40
homes blown to Pieces bodies everywhere
everyone's looking for their beloved
ones the local hospital was overwhelmed
with casualties the surgical director
sent the BBC this video he said they'd
done 15 to 20 amputations patients he
said arrived packed into ambulances with
the wounded alongside the dead we
received about 400 injured patient
between very seriously injured patients
and workers if you see that the majority
of them are children and
women Dr elron told me around 120 dead
from this afternoon's attack or at the
hospital they ran out of space inside
the
building Hamas released these pictures
of their men emerging from part of their
extensive tunnel Network it's hard to
work work out with any Precision what's
happening in the ground wall both sides
claim to have killed their enemies Hamas
will try to use hit and run Guerilla
tactics against a much more powerful
Army Israel released these pictures it
seems clear they're pressing forward
some Reports say they're closer to Gaza
City without entering it yet moving
through relatively open Villages is much
less of a military challenge than
advancing into a
City on their side of the Gaza border
Israel has plenty of force in reserve
and it says a long fight ahead we don't
have much detail about what the Israelis
are doing inside Gaza they are working
very hard to control the information
Battlefield which is a big part of
modern war they are releasing some video
and some generalized communic about
success but they are minimizing
access jabalia will fuel the controversy
about killing Palestinian civilians
unintentional casualties Israel says in
a just War America warned Israel not to
be blinded by
rage and Palestinians believe Israel is
inflicting another catastrophe on them
Jeremy bone BBC News Southern
Israel we can Jo join Jeremy now in
southern Israel and Jeremy to your point
there there must be big big questions
tonight about Israel's
strategy yes big questions too about the
numbers of Palestinian civilians being
killed at the moment uh last night Mr
netan the Prime Minister said that the
world needed to decide which side it was
on it was a moral question he said about
right and about wrong and he said there
was a big difference between Hamas
killing civilians and what he said were
accidental deaths in a just War
referring to this kind of operation the
Americans are concerned enough I think
about Israel's conduct to remind them on
several and repeated occasions that they
need while they defend themselves to
observe the laws of war and of course
finally Palestinians reject everything
Israel says about uh the way that Israel
claims to try to uh preserve Palestinian
lives and Senior Palestinian officials
have used the word genocide to me to
describe their view of what Israel is
doing Jeremy many thanks as always
Jeremy boen there uh speaking from
Southern Israel